[DOCS-3010] Add logs troubleshooting page (#12858)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/troubleshooting/_index.md

---
title: Logs Troubleshooting
kind: documentation
---

If you experience unexpected behavior with Datadog Logs, there are a few common issues you can investigate and this guide may help resolve issues quickly. If you continue to have trouble, reach out to [Datadog support][1] for further assistance.

> ## Why are my logs missing today?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Missing logs - logs daily limits
```

> You have not made any changes to your log configuration but [Logs Explorer][2] shows that logs are missing today. This may be happening because you have reached your daily quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have not made any changes to your log configuration, but the [Logs Explorer][2] shows that logs are missing for today. This may be happening because you have reached your daily quota.
```

> {{< img src="logs/troubleshooting/daily_quota_reached.png" alt="Daily quota reached" style="width:90%" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="logs/troubleshooting/daily_quota_reached.png" alt="A bar graph showing missing logs and a message saying daily quota reached" style="width:90%" >}}
```

> See [Set daily quota][3] for more information and on how to update or remove the quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Set daily quota][3] for more information on setting up, updating or removing the quota.
```

## Unable to parse timestamp key from JSON logs

> If you are unable to convert the timestamp of JSON logs to a [recognized date format][4] before they are ingested into the UI, follow these steps to convert and map the timestamps using our [arithmetic processor][5] and [log date remapper][6]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are unable to convert the timestamp of JSON logs to a [recognized date format][4] before they are ingested into Datadog, follow these steps to convert and map the timestamps using Datadogs [arithmetic processor][5] and [log date remapper][6]:
```

> If you are unable to convert the timestamp of JSON logs to a [recognized date format][4] before they are ingested into Datadog, follow these steps to convert and map the timestamps using Datadogs [arithmetic processor][5] and [log date remapper][6]:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are unable to convert the timestamp of JSON logs to a [recognized date format][4] before they are ingested into Datadog, follow these steps to convert and map the timestamps using Datadog's [arithmetic processor][5] and [log date remapper][6]:
```

1. Go to **Logs > Configuration**.

> 2. In **Pipelines**, hover over **Preprocessing for JSON logs** and click the pencil icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In **Pipelines**, hover over **Preprocessing for JSON logs**, and click the pencil icon.
```

> 3. Remove `timestamp` from the reserved attribute mapping list because the attribute is not being parsed as the official timestamp of the log during preprocessing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Remove `timestamp` from the reserved attribute mapping list. The attribute is not being parsed as the official timestamp of the log during preprocessing. 
```

> {{< img src="logs/troubleshooting/preprocessing_json_timestamp.png" alt="Preprocessing for JSON logs with timestamp attribute" style="width:90%" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="logs/troubleshooting/preprocessing_json_timestamp.png" alt="The preprocessing for JSON logs configuration box with the date attributes, which includes timestamp by default" style="width:90%" >}}
```
